Manage Users Documentation added (#5980)
jenkins-infra/jenkins.io: content/doc/book/managing/users.adoc

= Manage Users

== Setting up User Accounts -

As soon as we set up Jenkins in our local computers and go to the required TCP port 
we set during installation, we get to see the following page where we can enter our
details as a first time user

image::managinguserimg/create-first-admin-user.png["Create First Admin User", role=center]

== Manage Jenkins -

> Now once the creation of user account is done after filling all the details correctly
> we are all set to use Jenkins 
> Now after signing into Jenkins, on the left side of the screen we can see a panel of
> options including the ones shown below
> From here we can see multiple options under different sections. From there we will head
> over to *Security* section where we can find *Manage Users* option. This option can be
> utilized to *Create/Delete/Modify* details of users who signed into Jenkins.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once the creation of the user account is done, after filling in the user details, we are all set to use Jenkins.
After signing into Jenkins, there is a navigation pane on the left side of the dashboard with options including the ones shown below.
From here, there are further options within different areas.
From there we will navigate to the *Security* section where we can find the *Manage Users* option.
This option can be utilized to create, delete, or modify details of users that have signed into Jenkins.

```
sentence per line formatting, some syntax suggestions

image::managinguserimg/security-section-options.png["Security Section Options", role=center]

== Configure User Details -

After clicking on that option, we can see a list of users and we need to click on the 
user id whose details need to be altered. Now on the left side again we see a "Configure"
option on the left panel.

image::managinguserimg/configure-user-details.png["Configure User Details", role=center]

> This section provides multiple options to add/update user details including -
> 
> - Full Name - In this option you can update the full name for your Jenkins account. 
>   It is preferred to put your real name in this field for easier identification.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This section provides multiple options to add/update user details including:

Full Name :: In this option you can update the full name for your Jenkins account.
It is preferred to put your real name in this field for easier identification.

```
Since this list is defining terms, a [description list](https://docs.asciidoctor.org/asciidoc/latest/lists/description/) would be the best choice for formatting here. Also sentence per line formatting where needed.
